on Wednesday the Judiciary Committee
will hold a hearing they've titled the
impeachment inquiry into President
Donald J Trump constitutional grounds
for presidential impeachment scotchy I
like the title but the White House says
they will not participate in the hearing
even though they were invited to do so
but they aren't ruling out the
possibility of participating in future
hearings like for the next time he gets
impeached there were a lot of new
revelations today so to get ahead of
them Republicans released their own
report and the president tweeted and
then retweeted himself writing breaking
news the president of Ukraine has just
again announced that President Trump has
done nothing wrong with respect to
Ukraine and our interactions our calls
if the radical left Democrats were
saying which they are not it would be
case over thanks for solving the case
Magath to Christie that that is some
argument but the idea that Trump is
innocent because the guy he shook down
said so is ridiculous even for him this
is like if he tweeted breaking news kid
whose lunch money I stole says he gave
me his lunch money because he admired my
fists case over today team Trump got a
visit from the ghost of investigations
past the Justice Department finally
released nearly 300 pages of notes and
witness memos from the Muller Russia
investigation according to the notes
there are many details but one of them
is Chris Christie was dining with Donald
Trump on Valentine's Day 2017 and Trump
told them now that we fired Michael
Flynn the Russia thing is over I don't
know which is more embarrassing the fact
that Trump thought he was in the clear
in 2017 or that Donald Trump and Chris
Christie spent Valentine's Day together
I wonder who picked up that dinner tab
meanwhile the House impeachment report
comes out tomorrow and this one includes
stuff the Republican report doesn't like
evidence for instance the president is
in London right now he's at the NATO
summit I would bet everything I own
Donald Trump has no idea what NATO
stands for why aren't people asking him
this question Trump is expected to face
protests on the trip and the Prime
Minister his buddy Boris Johnson is
actively avoiding him because they have
an election next week
doesn't want to be seen with relations
between the Prime Minister and an
American president have not been this
shaky since Love Actually which was a
movie but still you know and despite all
this Trump is still very popular in his
party according to a new economist
YouGov poll 53% of Republicans say they
believe Donald Trump is a better
president than Abraham Lincoln I mean
come with that key they can't be serious
that no one believes Donald Trump is a
better president than Liggett
that's like saying measles is better
than ice cream it's not Trump isn't even
a better president than Daniel day-lewis
pretending to be Abraham Lincoln to
compare Donald Trump to one of the not
just great presidents grace Americans
who ever lived it sounds nothing short
of preposterous but when you match them
up side-by-side all of a sudden maybe it
isn't so crazy after all
[Music]
stupid okay I can tell you that right
now
[Music]
go home II get a job like to punch him
in the face I'll tell you
not perish from here he's got me down as
the greatest president the history of
our country including George Washington
and Abraham Ladon dirt well he was
always an honest a be really like Donald
Trump pigs for score is a strip club in
Florida yesterday our first lady
Melania Trump unveiled this year's White
House Christmas decorations and she did
that by tweeting a very beautiful video
[Music]
[Applause]
something I just can't figure out what
it is you know else needs help Joe Biden
so the Iowa caucus is two months away
and team Biden has new bus and a hot new
campaign slogan
[Applause]
[Music]
and that's right the no malarkey tour is
coming to a senior center near you who
says politicians are out of touch
it's like Grandpa loser is on good news
for Billy Bush this is now the number
one most embarrassing thing involving a
candidate and a bus the no malarkey tour
was the idea of Biden social media
manager here he is his name's people
he's Joe's taking this seriously
but this slogan and and his new ad I
don't know that they're helping Joe
Biden a fella you can trust a fellow who
knows the value of a buffalo nickel Joe
Biden won't deliver a bushel of
balderdash in ballyhoo so if you're
tired of all the horse apples
and gummi Huff's coming out of
Washington to do to the polls to make
your mark four add a do with Moxie Joe
susquehanna Biden I'm Joe Biden and I'm
confused I don't know how that happens I
really know at ease its but there's a
service to the Biden campaign we did an
informal poll of our own today we went
out the street we have some young people
if any of them know what the word
malarkey means
what is malarkey malarkey uh
malarkey I have no clue what is malarkey
something weird
what is malarkey mmm I'm guessing it has
to do something with art like what
painting maybe can you use it in a
sentence
Pass me the maliki malarkey does they
have to deal with different kingdoms or
something maybe like banter or something
like that
like what we're doing right now yeah
it's malarkey really
malarkey isn't really a term that I use
who uses it I think Caucasian people use
more like malarkey right what kind of
person uses that word old white people
like Joe Biden sure yeah absolutely yes
how old do you think Joe Biden is I
think he's 45 yeah I think he's at least
yeah maybe 46 okay Joe Biden is about to
embark on a no malarkey tour do you know
what that means
on a toy to go try on all different
cheeses why do you think it's called the
no malarkey tour he wants to do away
with whatever malarkey is what is
malarkey
pendant this interview was malarkey that
settles it
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all of my MA goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you